# CIS1051FinalProject
We wanted to be able to make a shooter game. We were able to get the bunny up onto the screen and you can move it around with the arrow keys. We wanted to have enemies, the foxes, appear on the screen and we needed to be able to fire carrots from the bunny, so the carrots had to come out of the bunny no matter where it was moving on screen. We also needed to get the foxes to disappear once they’re hit with a carrot or for the game to end once a fox hits the bunny. That’s all the stuff that we had trouble with and we weren’t able to figure it out in time. We have code for what we tried to do, I uploaded it to my github and titled it FailedAttempt so you can see what we tried to accomplish but weren’t able to. We kept getting errors when using ipairs, but we didn’t know what else to do since all the example code we saw online about shooter games used ipairs. We didn’t realize how difficult it would be to write the code for firing the carrot bullets and getting the enemies to behave the way we wanted, and it was challenging to use lua, as this class is my first exposure to any programming language and we haven't used lua for that long. It was still fun to see what can be accomplished with code and it was fun to read people's articles and watch videos on making games and then trying out different things. Even though our game wasn't even a game, we still hope you enjoyed our bunny moving around on a black screen, and that you see that we attempted to accomplish our goals. Even though we didn't make it, I think I learned a lot through the videos and tutorials I watched/read and this was good practice in applying coding to my own project.
